about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: About
permalink: /about/
---

I'm a UK based **Software Engineer**. I've been working professionally with all things web and technology since 2006.

I originally started the site in 2019 as, despite being in the industry for over ten yerars, there was [little to no evidence](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z_Cb5wQBoXs) of my existence.

I have two primary goals for this site:

1. Act as a central location for capturing notes on the various technologies I use so that I can refer back to it in future.
2. To give myself some kind of presence on the web.

## Published using ![Jekyll icon]({{'/assets/images/brands/jekyll.svg' | relative_url}})

In January 2025 I decided to give my somewhat neglected site a bit of a refresh and started again using [Jekyll 3/4](https://jekyllrb.com/) and taking advantage of [GitHub pages](https://pages.github.com/) for hosting (I say 3/4 as I'm running Jekyll 4 locallly but, at the time of writing, the GitHub pages action uses Jekyll 3).

Useful things I found

- [GitHub approved Jekyll plugins](https://pages.github.com/versions/)
- Using [WSL to run Jekyll on Ubuntu](https://jekyllrb.com/docs/installation/windows/#installation-via-bash-on-windows-10) was actually straight forward (initially I tried to get away with just publishing to GitHub but eventually conceeded I would need to do more locally).
- Using the [jekyll-embed-video README](https://github.com/nathancy/jekyll-embed-video) was great for getting YouTube involed without the need for plugins (while I'm on [GitHub pages](https://pages.github.com/)).
- [jekyll-redirect-from](https://github.com/jekyll/jekyll-redirect-from) - Is a [GitHub approved Jekyll plugin](https://pages.github.com/versions/) so I used that to handle redirecting my old 'root' paths to paths that include the categories.

## Other stuff

- [freepik.com](http://www.freepik.com/) - Thanks, I've used a few images from there.
- [worldvectorlogo.com](https://worldvectorlogo.com) and [vectorlogo.zone](https://www.vectorlogo.zone) - For sourcing all the branding SVG files.

Commit message:

Remove notes from primary navigation

about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: About
permalink: /about/
---

I'm a UK based **Software Engineer**. I've been working professionally with all things web and technology since 2006.

I originally started the site in 2019 as, despite being in the industry for over ten yerars, there was [little to no evidence](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z_Cb5wQBoXs) of my existence.

I have two primary goals for this site:

1. Act as a central location for capturing notes on the various technologies I use so that I can refer back to it in future.
2. To give myself some kind of presence on the web.

## Published using ![Jekyll icon]({{'/assets/images/brands/jekyll.svg' | relative_url}})

In January 2025 I decided to give my somewhat neglected site a bit of a refresh and started again using [Jekyll 3/4](https://jekyllrb.com/) and taking advantage of [GitHub pages](https://pages.github.com/) for hosting (I say 3/4 as I'm running Jekyll 4 locallly but, at the time of writing, the GitHub pages action uses Jekyll 3).

Useful things I've discovered along the way:

- [GitHub approved Jekyll plugins](https://pages.github.com/versions/)
- Using [WSL to run Jekyll on Ubuntu](https://jekyllrb.com/docs/installation/windows/#installation-via-bash-on-windows-10) was actually straight forward (initially I tried to get away with just publishing to GitHub but eventually conceeded I would need to do more locally).
- Using the [jekyll-embed-video README](https://github.com/nathancy/jekyll-embed-video) was great for getting YouTube involed without the need for plugins (while I'm on [GitHub pages](https://pages.github.com/)).
- [jekyll-redirect-from](https://github.com/jekyll/jekyll-redirect-from) - Is a [GitHub approved Jekyll plugin](https://pages.github.com/versions/) so I used that to handle redirecting my old 'root' paths to paths that include the categories.

## Additional general notes pages

I removed [Notes]({{'/notes' | relative_url}}) from the main navigation as frankly, it's a bit of a mess, but I might still have some use for the pages.

## Other stuff

- [freepik.com](http://www.freepik.com/) - Thanks, I've used a few images from there.
- [worldvectorlogo.com](https://worldvectorlogo.com) and [vectorlogo.zone](https://www.vectorlogo.zone) - For sourcing all the branding SVG files.
